TODO.md, before:

## Software
Kde connect
Calculator
Text Editor
Paint
Calendar
Mail client
Password manager
Discord
Bazecore

## Usability
Deal with popup screens (file roller, copying, file chooser, screen sharing, network manager, audio manager, clipse)
screen casting
Configure XDG (notes in digital brain) - file manager
Move printer drivers outside of aether?
easily call GC
Record screen
Reconfigure Firefox
Clicking on system icon should open bottom

## Optional

Change polkit with the one from hyprland
Add micro instead of nano? (set $EDITOR)
add screenshot to clipboard + annotation?
Use clipboard via rofi
Kitty grab
OSD

## Problems
Network devices are missing on cold boot
Quickly logging in through SDDM causes it to freeze
Keystore doesn't unlock on login
Screenshot of a window take a screenshot of all windows on the workspace
Rofi click-on-exit not working
Mic tooltip on statusbar can't be shown properly

## Refactor
hotkeys
	- (toggle notification center and dismiss notification)
	- close window
	- deal with floating windows
	- prevent typing while in submap

Ctrl+u doesn't work on rofi
remove placeholders from rofi

better warning colors on the status bar

hyprpolkitagent

number of notifications on the lock screen
[ "$(echo $(swaync-client -c))" -eq 0 ] && echo "zero" || echo "non-zero"

Commit message:

Added notification indicator on the lock screen

TODO.md, after:

## Software
Kde connect
Calculator
Text Editor
Paint
Calendar
Mail client
Password manager
Discord
Bazecore

## Usability
Deal with popup screens (file roller, copying, file chooser, screen sharing, network manager, audio manager, clipse)
screen casting
Configure XDG (notes in digital brain) - file manager
Move printer drivers outside of aether?
easily call GC
Record screen
Reconfigure Firefox
Clicking on system icon should open bottom

## Optional

Change polkit with the one from hyprland
Add micro instead of nano? (set $EDITOR)
add screenshot to clipboard + annotation?
Use clipboard via rofi
Kitty grab
OSD
- https://github.com/Misterio77/nix-colors/blob/b92df8f5eb1fa20d8e09810c03c9dc0d94ef2820/lib/core/conversions.nix#L87
- https://github.com/heyjuvi/avizo
- https://github.com/System64fumo/syshud
- syshud -p top-right -o h -m "20 20 20 20"

## Problems
Network devices are missing on cold boot
Quickly logging in through SDDM causes it to freeze
Keystore doesn't unlock on login
Screenshot of a window take a screenshot of all windows on the workspace
Rofi click-on-exit not working
Mic tooltip on statusbar can't be shown properly

## Refactor
hotkeys
	- (toggle notification center and dismiss notification)
	- close window
	- deal with floating windows
	- prevent typing while in submap
	- hotkey for btm of hyprctl kill

Ctrl+u doesn't work on rofi
remove placeholders from rofi

better warning colors on the status bar

hyprpolkitagent

https://gitlab.com/sixsixfive/DarK-icons
